for the first time since October 7th
we're able to reach the 's border
crossing oret hanon to the north of the
Gaza Strip This crossing point was the
main arer through which Palestinians
used to go in or out it was also used by
Palestinians coming to the strip from
the occupied West Bank it's now closed
with very heavy Israeli military
prisons
heavily armored vehicles tanks and
soldiers have been densely
deployed meanwhile ferocious fighting is
Raging from now and then in B lahia and
B hanon
areas The Crossing has been closed by
the Israeli Army since the first day of
their war on Gaza as alasam Fighters had
seized control of the Israeli Lia on
command in this area
the massive damage caused by the Alam
offensive on October 7th is still
clearly
visible The Crossing was used for the
exit and entry of Palestinians working
inside Israel it was also used by the
staff of various International
organizations the entire land of this
area has been bulldozed by the
occupation forces this was once a road
it's now
raised all access roads to and from this
Main and important Crossing Point have
been flattened with clearly visible
heavy Israeli military presence in the
[Music]
area make sure to subscribe to to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer